# PyBer_Analysis
## Overview of the Analysis
The purpose of this challenge was to create a ride-sharing summary DataFrame by city type, and a multi-line chart of total fares by city type using the ptber_data_df DataFrame. 
### Deliverable 1: Ride-sharing summary DataFrame by city type:
In order to create this DataFrame I had to create multiple data series using the groupby() function to identify city type as the index to find the total rides for each city type, total drivers, total fare amounts, and average fare per ride.  To find the total rides for each city type I applied the count() method to the "ride_id" column.  To find the total drivers and total fare amounts I applied the sum() method to the "driver_count" and "fare" columns.  To find the average fare per ride I applied the mean() method to the "fare" column. I then calculate the average fare per driver by city type by dividing total_fares_by_city by total_drivers_by_city_type.  Then I created the summary DataFrame pyber_summary_df by adding each of those data series to the new DataFrame.  Using code already given in the starter code, the index name was deleted. Lastly, I formatted the columns to use commas for values over 1,000 and to add a dollar sign and 2 decimal point format for dollar amounts.
### Deliverable 2: Create a multiple line plot chart of total fares by city type. 
First, I created a new DataFrame with multiple indices by using the groupby() function on the "type" and "date" columns of the pyber_data_df DataFrame.  I applied the sum() method on the "fare" column to show the sum of the fares by "type" and "date".  I then ran previously added code again to reset the index in order to later use the pivot() function.  I then needed to create a pivot table with "date" as the index, and set columns equal to "type" and values equal to "fares".  Then I created a new DataFrame from this pivot table using loc to specify the dates between '2019-01-01' and '2019-04-28'.  I then added code to set the "date" index to the datetime datatype in order to use the resample() function by week 'W' to get the weekly fare totals.  After completing those steps I was able to plot the multi-line chart using the resample DataFrame by using matplotlib and the object-oriented interface method.     
## Results

## Summary
